when you do a google search that will
direct you away from anything that harms
the pharmaceutical industry it makes no
sense notoriously corrupt this is a
crisis much worse than the coronavirus
crisis what are you saying that so
offensive where many of these social
media platforms or even mainstream media
wants to a sense are you from Anderson
Cooper is sponsored by Pfizer NBC
Nightly News is sponsored by Merck these
companies are making fifty billion
dollars a year selling mandatory
vaccines it's a goldmine who is holding
them accountable you cannot make a
vaccine safely zero consequence if they
kill you or if they injure you from life
is that proven abd ADHD speech of a
peanut allergies autism rates one in
twenty two boys debilitated for life is
completely irresponsible what is your
thoughts and opinions on Bill and
Melinda Gates
how can he continue to insist African
children get that shot but he knows it's
probably killing millions kids what
would you rank him as the most powerful
man in the world he's the most powerful
man because he owns w-h-o you don't
sound like a Democrat I Jean is about
surveillance and it's about data
harvesting you are unleashing the devil
here why is your data right and not
their data they're bowing down a
genuflect anthony pouchy you can't go to
the beach
you can't go shop your kids can't go to
school you have to stay in your house
it's a provable lie what conclusion do
you have with what happened both with
your father and your own pool I spoke to
Cubans who've met Oswald and they made
the conclusion that yeah it was a
conspiracy did you ever think you would
make it
sweet victory I know this slice meant
for me here yeah why would you bet on
Goliath well we got red tape value came
in given values contagious this world of
entrepreneurs we can't no value to
haters honey run homie look what I'll
become I'm the unborn
[Music]
my guest today is Robert Kennedy jr.
here's the chairman of children's help
defense he's written many books and he's
also one of the greatest
environmentalist Crusaders of our time
with that being said Robert thank you
for being a guest on value tainment
thank you so so Robert just out of
curiosity why why did you want to do a
long-form interview and kind of share
some of your thoughts and views with the
current times with with what's taking
place with coronavirus with pouchy with
vaccines with all these things being
done why'd you agree to do it along from
interview Patrick I I've been working on
this issue for 15 years the problem with
this issue is if most people understood
it most people heard me talk about it or
hurt me about it I think most people
would agree with my positions which are
common-sense provisions axing should be
tested like every other drug the problem
is we don't get to convey those thoughts
to anybody because of the censorship I
haven't been allowed to publish
editorial since 2008 newspapers will
attack me and then will not allow me to
rebut in any way I can't even write
letters to the editor
I cannot appear on television social
media Facebook Google Instagram all
censor what we're saying oh I can I have
an Instagram account I have you know a
lot of followers on Instagram and that's
where I mainly communicate but they are
severely restricted and be at me being
able to share the answer to clients
other people that's constricted I'm not
allowed to boost it oh my my growth is
much slower than it would have been if I
was actually allowed to pose we can't do
that on any of the social media sites
social media sites like Google are
intertwined and
tangled financially with the
pharmaceutical industry million dollar
deal with clack so it's working with all
the pharmaceutical companies to harvest
data to get people's medical data
through Alexis through Siri through your
cell phones when they're left on it the
microphone is working and through your
buying habits monitoring those things up
there they earn a partnership Google
actually is part of a larger company
called alphabet and there are other
subsidiaries of that company that
actually manufacture vaccines so Google
I actively sensors it when you do when
you do a Google search it added so
search to make sure that you do not find
the things that are the most common
search subjects it will direct you
towards things that will direct you away
from anything that harms the
pharmaceutical industry it will direct
you are away from vitamins it will
direct you away from chiropractors it
will direct you away from functional
health or in a grade of medicine or any
kind of alternative to the aula Pathak
you know pharmaceutical paradigm what
are you saying that so offensive where
many of these social media platforms or
even mainstream media wants to censor
you from I know like here's the here's a
story Patrick I got dragged into the
vaccine issue really kicking and
screaming very reluctantly I'm an
environmental lawyer
I ran the biggest still do they get this
water protection group an oral board or
keeper Alliance I'll tell you how I got
into this in the early 2000s we have we
have 350 water keepers in 46 countries
around the world each one has a patrol
boat they patrol their local River and
they sue polluters who are degrading it
or contaminating it in around 2002 to
2005 I was act
a litigating about against on 40 coal
burning power plants and cement kilns
for discharging mercury the mercury was
coming out of their smokestacks landing
on the landscapes was contaminating fish
and at that time FDA did a study in 2003
and then every freshwater fish in
America now had dangerous levels of
mercury in its flashes so we were
specifically a lot of people were suing
coal burning power glass we were
specifically suing them on mercury and I
was going around the country pushing
legislation talking about my lawsuits
raising money and almost every public
appearance that I made there would be
groups of women who would show up and
they would come up to me afterward and
it turns out and all of those women were
women who had children with intellectual
disabilities and they believed that
their children had been harmed by the
vaccines and specifically amp from the
mercury that was that in you know many
of the vaccine still isn't some of them
today and they would say to me if you're
in kind of a mildly scolding but
respectful way if you're genuinely
interested in mercury contamination to
children you need to look at the
vaccines something that I wanted to do I
was very content doing you know
protecting rivers I had been raised and
spirited of the movement for rights for
people with intellectual disabilities
but I worked in camp Shriver from when I
was a little kid as a counselor as a
hugger it later became Special Olympics
the year my father was killed in 1968 we
turned that into Special Olympics and my
family I worked for hundreds of hours
when I was in high school that was a to
come from the retarded because it was a
central preoccupation of my family
children particularly with intellectual
disabilities it's not I had a lot of
exposure to it but it's not where I
wanted to spend my lot of empathy I
really was committed to spending my life
trying to clean up
and clean energy and those issues one of
these women came to my home in the
summer of 2004 with a big pile of
scientific studies about of 18 inches
thick and she put it on my front porch
she was a psychologist from Minnesota
named Center Bridget she had a child
we got an autism from vaccines had
actually got a 20 million dollar award
from the vaccine court which wrecking
his autism that come from the vaccine
she brought that she didn't want it to
happen to any other kids she owe me this
big pops I'm pick studies and she said
I'm not leaving here until you now I'm
very accustomed to reading science I
brought it over 500 successful was it's
my career almost all of them involve
some kind of scientific controversy so I
actually started I'm not gonna say I
read all the sunny it's cover to cover
but I read the abstract which is the
summary at the beginning of this idea
before I was six inches into that pile I
was on Ernie dumbstruck I a huge Delta
between what the actual published
peer-reviewed science was saying and
what the public health regulators were
telling the public and doctors and
everybody else about the safety of
vaccines it's not real eyes if there was
a real problem and that these vaccines
vaccines are kind of a country unlike
other medicines are never safety tested
people find out it astonishing the
reason for that is an artifact of CDC's
legacy as the Public Health Service now
it was the predecessor organization C to
CDC Public Health Service was a
quasi-military agency which is why
people at CDC still have military ranks
like Surgeon General etc and the vaccine
program was initially launched as a
national security defense against a
biological attack on our country so
regulators and the Pentagon wanted to
make sure that if the Russians attack
the anthrax or some other biological
agents they could quickly fabricate and
deploy a vaccine to 200 million people
without regulatory impediments and so
they said if we call it a medicine we're
gonna have to safety test it and that
usually takes two to five years let's
call it something else we'll call it
biologic and then we will exempt
biologics from having to do safety
testing oh the industry the four
companies that make all seventy-two
vaccines that are currently mandated for
our children I've got another gift at
that has contributed to the lack of
safety assessments and lack of safety
concerns with vaccines and that is 1986
there was a vaccine I got three vaccines
when I was a kid my eighty-six there was
about eleven of them and one of them was
called them if they're a tetanus and
pertussis of the DTP vaccine and it was
killing lots and lots of children and it
was causing brain damage and a
tremendous number of children and the
industry was getting the suit oh why is
which is that alcohol Pfizer went to
Congress and that we are getting another
vaccine industry because we'll we're
paying twenty dollars in damages every
$1 we make from this vaccine and you
cannot make a vaccine safely you you
cannot it is impossible to make a
vaccine it's completely safe you are
gonna injure a certain amount of people
and the injuries are going to be
Grievous enough that nobody will ever
make any money on vaccines because
they're gonna have to pay more injuries
and we can't make them better and we're
going to get out of the industry all
again their hands stopped making
vaccines unless you give us complete
blanket immunity from liability so
Congress of the Democratic Congress
Republican President Reagan all of them
taking lots of money from these
pharmaceutical
number one contributor pasteln 1986
called the vaccine act or FICA which a
blanket nearly so no matter how remiss
your injury or your child's injury no
matter how toxic the ingredient no
matter how sloppy the line protocols no
matter how negligent that company you
cannot sue them or redress so there's no
discovery there's no depositions there's
no medical malpractice there's no class
actions zero consequence if they kill
you or if they enter you from lighting
and the vaccine companies or the
pharmaceutical companies took a look
that at the landscape and they said holy
cow
now we have a product and there is no
liability and for every medical product
the biggest cost is paying liability at
the back end so they said no you know
that's wrong we don't have to worry
number two we don't if the safety test
them oh there's no reason there's
there's no that's a huge cost also or
every other medication that they're now
avoided third there's no marketing cause
and the zero advertising cost because
the government is gonna mandate this
product the seventy eight million people
so there's no market forces into or
legal forces that tell us to make this
vaccine safe and there's no reason to
make it safe because nobody can sue you
nobody can do this country there's no
consequence of giving you a really
dangerous xane oh there was a goal and
by the way without with all those costs
waive and mandatory um consumption of
that product it's a gold mine oh if you
can get a vaccine on the CDC schedule
it's worth a billion dollars a year
typically to your company oh there was a
gold rush and all of these companies
rushed on CDC and captured the agency
and got them to mandate all these
vaccines and we went from the three
vaccines that I had
as a kid 272 doses of vaccines that you
know my children's generation is getting
and what happened and that began a
process began in 1989 and if you look at
what happened in 89 we suddenly had an
epidemic of chronic disease so um the
allergic disease peanut allergies
suddenly became epidemic peanut allergy
is in my generation or it might in the
generation in 1986 or about 1 in 1200
today it's 1 in 12 kids II asthma
exploded mother allergic disease
anaphylaxis eczema which I never heard
of when I was kid now is everywhere its
ubiquitous we know that all those
injuries are caused by vaccines those
are the allergic illnesses
neurodevelopmental disorders abd ADHD
speciall a tics narcolepsy language
delay SIDS and ast and autism suddenly
exploded autism rates went from one in
ten thousand to five in my generation to
one in every 34 kids today one in every
twenty two boys this is a crisis as much
worse than the coronavirus crisis one in
twenty two boys debilitated for life
never write poetry never vote now half
of them will never use a toilet
none of them half of them will never
utter a word it'll never go on a date
I'll never play tack pay taxed it'll
never serve in the army
there's one in every twenty two boys
this is a huge huge crisis that divorce
coronavirus and no and the CDC if there
are 700 measles cases in this country
will put 1,200 forensic pathologists
virologists and moon suits and they'll
go out to turn over every Rock and find
out where that came from
what is causing it u.s. CDC which is the
Center for Disease Control their job is
to tell
where these diseases are coming from
where's the peanut allergies coming from
I don't know where's the autism coming
from there's the APD where all these
autoimmune diseases why are we exploding
with juvenile diabetes rheumatoid
arthritis fibromyalgia the reason is
because they know where it's coming from
it's coming from the vaccines and it's
not me saying this if you look all
there's 420 diseases that are now
epidemic since 1989 and by the way
Congress told EPA tell us what year you
autism epidemic begin and the EPA
scientists came back and said we can
draw a red line
it happened in 89 that's when everything
changed but those diseases that are now
epidemic is 420 diseases they appear on
two lists one is a list of diseases that
become epidemic since 1989 and two they
are on the manufacturers inserts listed
as side effects from vaccination and the
reason for that Patrick is because if
the one way that you can sue a vaccine
company under vikon is if they know of
an injury that's caused by vaccines a
side effect and they fail the listed on
their manufacturers inserts so that's
one place they're honest and if you look
at the deep at the DTaP vaccine autism
is listed as an insert on their insert
the night everywhere else they admit on
their inserts and that's where you can
go to get the truth let me say one other
thing you know that my party the
Democratic Party is the worst on this
issue and it's very odd to me that
they're mandating these vaccines that
are untested how can you mandate any
medication for human thing how can you
tell somebody you're gonna force you to
take a medication that you don't want to
take and you know we started treating
Nuremberg charter after World War two
because the Nazis were doing that they
were testing magazines on people and all
these other medical treatments and we
said that is a war crime we don't do
that to people and we sign the surrogate
you know the Syracuse protocol is a UN
Charter Human Rights Alinsky Accords the
Nuremberg charter all of those saying
them you cannot give a medication to
somebody yes they well even if a life of
the nation is that state as a quote yet
we're mandating these drugs and not only
are we forcing people to take one and we
know they cause injury in the vaccine
court has paid out four billion dollars
and they there's some merely limited
those judgments even HHS admits at the
vaccine Quinet fewer than 1% of of
injuries ever gets reported or awarded
so you know make that four hundred
billion we know they taught us a lot of
injuries even if they cause someone
injury how can you force a human being
to take it against their will
it makes no sense follow but the other
thing is the Democrats will say if you
ask them what is the most corrupt
industry that's corrupted our political
system they'll all say the same thing
you know the oil industry is huge
a pesticide injury but they'll say
nobody has the influence of the
pharmaceutical industry there are more
pharmaceutical lobbyists on Capitol Hill
than there are congressmen senators and
Supreme Court justices combined and they
put twice the money of the next biggest
lobbyists would just oil and gas
notoriously corrupt the four companies
that make all 72 of the vaccines that
are now mandated for our children every
one of them is a convicted felon in the
last ten years those four companies and
Fe Merck Pfizer and Glaxo have paid
thirty five billion dollars in penalties
and damages and civil penalties for
falsifying signs or the fronting
regulators for
are aligned doctors and manipulating a
pralaya priming a blackmailing etc and
for killing hundreds of thousands of
people
aiex along with merge prime Merck is the
biggest magazine maker in our country it
had another flagship product pounce like
artists so vaccine but it was by ox
Vioxx killed between a hundred and
twenty thousand five hundred thousand
Americans and in between 2002 and 2007
2006 and it was a it was a pill at Merck
marketed as a headache
Hilton birth new cause heart attacks how
did it know it into it from its clinical
data because it killed a lot of people
during the clinical trials and mercs
when we sued murdered there we got
documents that were these flowcharts
from their from their bean counters
that's and we are gonna kill a certain
amount number people we will still make
more money even if we have to pay
damages all the people we kill so we
should go ahead this you know which is
is justified Lee more morally just
finally if you tell the people when you
take this bill for your headache or your
arthritis it may kill you and your okay
because she warned him American on it he
hid that fact and most of the people who
died probably if they knew this could
have killed him from a heart attack it
probably would have taken an aspirin
Merck didn't give him that choice it
lied to them or our we doesn't it
require a kind of cognitive dissonance
to believe that the company that would
kill half a million people to make a
buck on Vioxx suddenly has found Jesus
when it comes to vaccines which by the
way is the only place they can never get
God because in all of those other drugs
that they uncaught for the way they got
caught was that private attorneys
plaintiffs attorneys representing
injured clients
sued the company Murchison ophea Wyeth
whatever flies or whatever and in the
course of discovery came across
documents that showed criminal behavior
he took those documents they brought
them down to the US Attorney's Office
and they said to the US Attorney
you need to prosecute these this company
for criminal acts that's not they got
busted well that will never happen with
vaccines because there are no losses
there is no liability they can do
anything they want to you and there are
no consequences and by the way it's not
only that there are no consequences
there are good consequences for them
from injury because this explosion and
chronic disease epidemics has made those
companies the richest companies in the
world oh the same companies that are
selling you that measles drug are now so
and they and the hepatitis B in the DTaP
and they have vaccines and that vaccine
is giving you seizures or epilepsy or
autism or food allergies or asthma that
same company is now stopping your child
who is sick for life
yeah buter all inhalers Cobin inhalers
the adderall ritalin the concern they
any seizure medication the diabetes
drugs the rheumatoid arthritis drugs
these companies are making 50 billion
dollars a year selling vaccines
mandatory vaccines and then they're
making 500 billion dollars a year
selling the treatments the chronic
diseases that are being caused by those
vaccines there is not only no incentive
for them to make it safe there's
actually to make those vaccines as
dangerous as possible they have monopoly
control there's no competition
everybody's told you take this Mercs
hepatitis B shot you take Burke's MMR
there is no other MMR to take let me ask
you this
you said your party them adjust for full
disclosure you're still a Democrat you
haven't left the party I'm still a
Democrat really angry about this why did
the one party that has this wrong is the
Democratic Party when they we have in a
Reagan signed the law into it and I'm
not blaming Reagan you know because I
think Reagan was probably trying to do
something good leave that this law would
somehow make it easier for people to
recover injuries from injuries quickly
and that they would keep people from
getting sick they didn't know what I
know today so when we had the Supreme
Court case which you know extended the
liability complete blanket immunity for
all product defect claims to these
companies it was the Republicans on the
Supreme Court that voted to do that it
was that Democrats particularly URI ated
this ad saying this is you are
unleashing what what's happened in on
Capitol Hill and in Congress the
Republicans are as bad as the Democrats
everybody's scared that's issue on the
state legislatures Republicans have been
fantastic and they are the ones that the
pharmaceutical companies once they get
up into the higher office but our Pharma
has more control you know we can't get
the reason why I asked this to following
reason so for me in my family I'm
married to have three kids I was in the
military so you know when you're in the
military take a bunch of shots I took 11
shots when I joined the army and they
said your government property something
may happen but what we're testing I have
offices nationwide and I talk to a lot
of my executives and a lot of them are
from Cal
for me in California they're not
comfortable about vaccines so they'll
say I'm anti vaccine I'm Pro vaccine but
there's a lot of people that are that
are in the middle and the people I'd
want to focus on is the folks that are
willing to be educated to consider
different positions I'm speaking of my
wife and my wife last time we stayed up
last night late watching all these
different documentaries these articles
and you know once you get into this
conversation of anti vaccine or probe X
and there's a lot you can read there's
an enough content to go through and she
says well baby this is starting to make
sense and that's starting to make sense
and what about this and it kept going
and going you know to dos or in the
middle when you talk about Democrats and
I said you know why are Democrats not
again I think a lot of people do have an
issue with big pharma this is some stats
that I pulled up is a big pharma that's
advertised six billion dollars of TV
last year when it comes out to a lobby
and you were given a data they're number
one number one was big pharma by a mile
at 280 million insurance was second then
electronic manufacturing then business
associations then oil and gas then
electronic than real estate and then I
went a little bit deeper I said let me
see what's happening with cost and you
see that based on a study done by your
an independent research group funded by
the 4th health insurance companies for
health insurance companies type 1
diabetes spent on average fifty seven
hundred dollars per person on insulin in
2016 versus 2841 and 2012 that's nearly
a hundred percent growth in only four
years and 3,400 drugs boosted their
pricing for the first six months of 2019
17% increase in a number of drug hikes
from a year earlier and the average
price hike is ten and a half percent
that's five times inflation so when I
watch debates you don't see the left and
the right being true off when it comes
down to a big farm abusing them so who
is holding them accountable to be able
to constantly move one out the first
thing you said is really kind of ruin
the problem which is I think was 1996
FDA adopted a new rule it was
in this country for pharmaceutical
companies to advertise drugs
direct-to-consumer in other words to
advertise on TV and uh and then FDA
changed that rule so there's only two
countries in the world that allow ARMA
civico companies to advertise on eBay
and New Zealand is one and what are the
others we have as a result of that we
get the highest drug prices I think 9
out of every 10 hours in the world and
on pharmaceutical drugs is spent in this
country so we're you know we it's not a
good thing for Public Health and by the
way the third leading cause of death in
this country is pharmaceutical drugs
okay healthier we have the most
aggressive vaccine schedule in the world
in this country and we have the worst
health and our children can adults
oh we have worse infant mortality we
have if you look at any of the metrics
you as I think it's 72 in infant
mortality in the world where around
Syria and Costa Rica oh I was a kid we
were number one on all of those we were
the best with the healthiest people in
the world the best health care system
today we you know we're paying the most
money for the worst outcomes a lot of
that is because a pharmaceutical
advertisements on and I don't do they
advertise on TV but they control content
oh you know Anderson Cooper is sponsored
by Pfizer Erin Burnett is sponsored by
Pfizer NBC Nightly News is sponsored by
Merck and Roger Ailes told them they
like you know Roger Ailes I knew very
well it was a founder Fox's I didn't
agree with him politically but we were
friends we spent a couple of months the
other 1/10 I was 18 years old and Africa
I had this you know good relationship
with him and he understood the issue of
vaccine injury from me he had a personal
experience with back injury
we're a kid who was close to him was
injured and so he knew it was true and
we have made out make a film documentary
about it a couple of years before he
died when he was still at the height of
his powers and I asked him you know can
I come on I don't want to play it on Fox
I wanted to come on fox and talk about
it he said I can't let you do that he
said in fact if any of my house allowed
you on their show I have to fire I
didn't I would get a call from Rupert
within 10 minutes Rupert Murdoch who
owns Fox also owns one of the biggest
vaccine companies in the world and has
been one of the big promoters of it but
Roger told me and he said he said during
non-election years there in certain
parts of the air 70% of our advertising
revenue for evening news shows is coming
from Pharma and and he said typically
there's about 22 ads on an evening news
and 17 of those are pharmaceutical s
that's why you see this these aggressive
promotion some vaccines all the time
you're you're constantly being told it's
flu season get your vaccine because
they're selling the products not just
during the advertising section of the
show but they're selling the products
during the entire show and yeah your
measles and then you know there's
inflating they terror of flu the terror
of measles the terror of you know
coronavirus which are constant themes
which bring them in viewers could also
sell medical products which is what
their advertisers are trying to sell and
those companies you know the CNN and and
those other companies are going to
underly compromise they're not asking
the questions of government officials
that they need to be asking and they're
getting you know they're bowing down and
genuflecting to anthony pouchy as a very
well document and very checkered history
of telling the truth of not telling the
truth of being of abusing his power and
you know resulting and
really sinister things like hiding the
leukemia virus is known to be in three
of our large vaccines that we know
causes cancer and he's hidden that from
the American people he fired the number
one scientist at NIH for her study
showed and those magazines were
contaminated and he he also he was Judy
makeupit's who worked for the agency was
on the team that identified the HIV
vaccine
HIV virus and connected it to AIDS and
he kept that secret for six months
oh then he could get one of his cronies
to make the publication but that
resulted in many many people getting it
it's because the test was delayed by six
months those things are you know are
really black spots on Tony ouchies
record and to turn our entire nation
over to Tony Falchi with this
unquestioned reverence and the constant
you know Jenny black she - um I think
it's something that is not healthy for
our country and it's really kind of
sickening to see to watch the news
division these people are supposed to be
reporters doing the exact same thing
that they did during the Iraq war which
is that you know what reporters are not
supposed to take the word of government
officials my father told me when I was a
kid people in power lie the job of
reporter is constant skepticism constant
scrutiny and difficult questions
Wow yeah I have the article right here
where you set up Robert F Kennedy jr.
Warren's Anthony Falchi is a fraud and
that's poison an entire generation of
Americans this was just 10 days ago
April 20th so let's just say you were a
reporter say Robert F Kennedy jr.
instead of wanting to go into
environment environmental law you have a
conversation and you decide you know I
think I want to go be a reporter if
you're a reporter today if you're
reported today and you're interviewing
dr. Anthony Falchi what questions would
you be asking
I would be saying I mean number one why
are we skipping animal studies with
these vaccines we know the history of
the corona virus vaccine on a virus
vaccines in the past have shown
themselves to be very very dangerous
vaccines very volatile vaccines and I'll
explain to you why that so in 2002
beginning in 2002 there were three SARS
epidemics and these are ours is a corona
virus and what the first of those was a
natural occurring corona virus that
jumped from bats in China to human
beings the second two were lab-created
karana virus vaccine but the corona
virus is an escape from the lab and
caused these epidemics that's not
controversial and everybody you know
agrees with that but it was deep concern
about the transmissibility and the
virulence of corona virus and its
capacity to jump from animals to human
bait so all the major nations Western
nations and China got together in the
between 2006 to 2012 to create corona
virus vaccines it created about 30
vaccines and they chose the 4 most
promising on this was a consortium of
the best scientists neurologists and
knowledge in the world they gave those
four magazines to ferrets and parents
are the closest analogy when it comes to
up at rest or infections to human beings
they're heavily utilized to study corona
virus Ferris had a an excellent immune
response to the vaccine meaning they
develop at any parties and that's the
metric that FDA uses on it licensed the
vaccine it just looks and says is it
producing anybody vaccines are never
tested in the field patch nobody ever
gives a 5,000 people a vaccine and 5,000
people no vaccine and then sends them
out and sees what happens that's not how
they get licensed they get licensed by
you showing that they can produce
anybody's the presumption is that
anybody will defend you against future
attacks by God by that virus and so make
he the ferrets amount looked really good
in anybody responds and they thought
they had four winners here a button and
something really frightening happened
when those ferrets were exposed to the
wild virus they horrible inflammation
throughout all the organs on their
bodies and they died particularly in
their lungs and they died and then those
scientists remembered that the same
thing that happened when they had tried
rs8 vaccine in the 1960s on children and
RSV was very similar to Quranic virus
upper respiratory infection and they had
given it to about they skipped animal
studies they gave it to 35 kids and it
was an excellent provokes excellently in
response but then when those kids were
exposed to the wild virus they begin
horribly sick and two of them died and
they immediately discontinued that study
I wasn't scandal everybody remembered it
and they were in 2012 they were testing
all of these vaccines they sent
themselves on ferrets they said this is
what happened to those children we tried
it out and they developed anybody
responsible then they had what we call
paradoxical immune enhancement when they
were exposed to the real virus instead
of instead of protecting against it it
actually enhanced it made it much more
deadly man they connected it in 2014 to
the dengue vaccine which was one of Tony
found cheese vaccines which had a lot of
those same red flags during the clinical
trials they gave it to the Filipinos
anyway Philippines gave it to hundreds
of kids the kids were great great immune
response and then when they're exposed
to wildfire as they died 600 of them
died the Philippine government today is
prosecuted criminally putting people in
jail for that because they knew it they
knew something bad was
from the clinical trials and so the this
is something that is a unique
peculiarities of coronavirus it's
puzzling that Tony found his own vaccine
the Moderne vaccine which he you know is
its agency owns 50% of that vaccine and
they went right to human testing without
testing my animals and that just seems
almost criminally irresponsible and he's
allowing the same thing I would ask him
knowing that history and by the way it's
not just me saying this all the people
who have criticized me for my stance and
magazines for many years the leaders
like Peter Hotez all often and Ian
Lipkin are all saying the same thing
that I'm saying to you right now you
have to be really really careful with
the government virus vaccine reason is
that vaccines develop a immune response
but they felt different kind there are
two different kinds of antibodies this
is what they found out from this process
there's neutralizing antibodies which
you want them your body to produce and
that guard you against the disease
those are good antibodies they also
produce a specific species of antibodies
called a blinding antibiotics and those
are the ones that provoke an enhanced
immune response once you're exposed to
vaccine and you have to figure out you
know which one of those you're actually
producing and it's unclear that they're
not doing that in this case the other
thing that they're not doing is they're
not using placebo testing which means
nobody will ever know what the risk
profile is for those products if you
don't test against placebo you're you
don't know whether the people who became
ill and at coba with that receive the
vaccine became ill because of the
vaccine or just coincidental there's no
way to know
and so they'll even recorded and it
if it immediately creates opportunities
for bias for corruption and for cheating
if you do not do splits Ebola and that's
why the World Health Organization CDC
FDA and IH everybody says if you don't
use a placebo it's not science it's
marketing and that's what they're doing
they're doing all of these tests without
using placebo I would say to Anthony
ouchy well why aren't you using a
placebo group are you scared about what
is going to be shown about safety if you
actually use a treatment see buckram
it's completely irresponsible you know
what when you look at the data and the
media so a proven rating of Falchi
against Trump and he constantly showed
that that America Trump's foutch trust
Falchi more than Trump right now behind
closed doors what is the motivation of
foul Chi right you know you have a lot
of folks who are watching saying this
man seems like a reasonable guy so G has
a bias towards vaccines and he owns the
vaccine so he has he literally owns
vaccine the only profit motivation is
purely probably III think it's power and
I think the same is true the case both
some actually stand to make huge amounts
of money you know potentially millions
millions I don't believe you know it's
very hard to look into another man's
brain and I try not to do that but just
looking at them I really believe that
their motivation is more about power and
there is no more our composition than
being a health official because you can
literally dictator I mean at this point
Tony foutch he has powers that no
American president has ever had he's you
know telling people in California you
can't go to the beach you can't go in
the ocean you can't go shop your kids
can't go to school you have to stay in
your house you're gonna you know the two
days ago they were getting thousand
dollar tickets to people who were
swimming in the ocean and surfing no
presidents ever had that kind of power
before but today ouchy who's very very
close partners with gates
in America and there what they're saying
if you listen carefully what they're
saying is you all are are gonna stay in
the house until we have a vaccine
it's not gonna be safe to come out and
that is a tremendous power to tell
people they have to wait and do that
until you don't think out you know what
I think there is a struggle between two
different ways to handle this quarantine
and nobody everybody saying listen to
the scientists but there's a flaw there
which is the scientists can tell you
maybe can model they can model how many
people are gonna die from coronavirus
using different scenarios you know if
you all go back to work tomorrow
here's how many people died if we all
say you act up for six months here's how
many people and they can do that
probably pretty well people are saying
listen to the scientists but there's
something that is not being modeled here
which is something that those scientists
have no expertise on which happen how
many people are being killed by the
quarantine there's really good data and
is solid from dozens and dozens of
studies that show that number one
isolation kills lots of people kills
people through a depression and it kills
people through mistakes it kills people
from not getting in a routine medical
care it kills people a lot of different
ways but also it unemployment kills
people so there's a really good 1982
book this is considered an authoritative
and that book did all of the modeling on
you know on historical unemployment
rates and this was a long time ago so
our population is what they book found
is that for every point in unemployment
if there's 37,000 people died 9,000
people die from heart attacks I know
other people die from suicides all these
different reasons that they die and then
3,000 333
people go to prison everyone point at an
extra 40,000 people end up in mental
institutions oh we're looking at
unemployment rates from this quarantine
that are going to exceed 35 percent in
other words the increase as one from
three point five percent and we'll go to
35 percent you multiply 37,000 by 30 and
you're looking at over a million people
about 1.1 million people who could die
from the quarantine just from that
metric then there's a lot of other
metrics for example what you know we are
hurting the or disrupting the food the
supply chains for foods and medicines so
people are not going to get their
medicine people not going to get their
foods this is nothing to do with
unemployment people are also today are
not seeing doctors for routine
medications for routine treatment people
who have cancer people have diabetes
people have hypertension who are
skipping doctor's appointments because
of the quarantine all those people are
also at risk and then there's the
impacts on children going to school so
there's a tremendous amount of impacts
that have not been modeled and we want
to have good public policy in this
country you need to actually do a risk
assessment and saying what are the full
risk you know not with let's not just
look at the quranic artist deaths let's
look at that the dance i'm the
alternative quran virus which is
quarantine the swedes did this and they
said it's not going to work
and they looked at it and they you know
the chief epidemiologists of sweden said
we're going to go back to work and when
I could have many of these restrictions
on on you know social distancing etc
we're gonna protect the elderly and this
is one you know I think we all thought
was gonna happen
we went quarantine for a couple of weeks
and so hospitals could gear up till they
could get the beds they could get the
ventilators the testing kits they could
get the
drugs like various therapeutic s-- the
IV vitamin C treatment chloroquine or
whatever and then we would have an
avalanche where all the young people who
are in good condition and we're not very
vulnerable this would come out and
resume life as usual go to work go to
play the we would keep isolated people
have chronic health conditions and
seniors elderly because they're
vulnerable
those people if you can show that you
have a chronic caliper and we would pay
their paychecks and take care of them
and keep them isolated until the disease
runs through the population and we
develop accurate immunity and then
they're protected by that and that and
then also you know at that time we have
better therapeutics they can really
treat this disease and that would be a
plan that would would not you know
bankrupt generations of Americans and
that's what they're doing in Sweden and
what they say in Sweden is yes we do
have a spike and death rates compared to
Norway which is quarantine but a year
from now we're gonna have everybody's
gonna have the same right Italy view as
you know Sweden everywhere it's gonna
have their year from now that all of the
same death rate we will still have
economy and you all and I think that's a
risk you know that that is not being
assessed and you know there's this
reference given to scientists with
actually answering the question is is
this scientist equipped to actually give
us advice on this issue or should we
limit his advice as to what his
expertise is tell me found she has zero
training and zero capacity and has
probably never had a single study about
the cost of unemployment on public
health he knows about virology and
immunology he doesn't know anything
about these other impacts why is he
calling the shots
why is he
calling the shots well I you know I
think that is a combination of things
and some of it a lot of it has to do
with the the incapacity the the acquired
incapacity of Anderson Cooper and CNN to
scrutinise be Orthodox ease of the
pharmaceutical and medical cartels they
will not ask the questions and you know
if Tony said you tell them also a flu
shot is good for you it's proven to work
they will believe that they won't
actually look at the science and you
know the Cochrane Collaboration this is
the ultimate arbiter on science the
Cochrane Collaboration has looked at
every published food study and what
they've said is the flu vaccine does not
work it does not prevent deaths in the
elderly it actually enhances it makes
you more vulnerable to on flu infections
every year let me tell you this patching
every year CNN releases flu death data
and that data is not real data it's fake
data so and I'll tell you what they do
the CDC actually does very good
gathering and it assembles the data on
American health and death certificates
and an index called the mortality and
morbidity data and if you go to the
mortality and morbidity data you can see
how many flu does actually happen in
America nobody does that
and instead CNN reports every year at
the flu deaths in this country were
between 60,000 90 and they'll say it's
worse than ever
it could be 95,000 deaths this year I'm
Flo take your flu shot but if you go
around and ask people do you actually
know anybody has never died of a Flo
those people tell you know if 95
thousand people were dying
we all know people who die in the flow
the truth is at the year they said
95,000 which was two years ago there
were 2,000 people who died the average
death rate for the flow over the past 20
years around a thousand people a year
and what they do is they conflate the
mortality morbidity data for pneumonia
with the flow and Moe's only 7 percent
of pneumonia cases are actually caused
by the flow of pneumonia deaths the rest
of them are non flu or respiratory
infections so CNN just about every year
and I don't think Sanjay Gupta Anderson
Cooper actually what a line buddy is
part of their Gestalt there you know
there's most dangerous disease for
somebody that's watching the same Robert
why is your data right and not their
data if you're saying only a thousand
versus something different
nobody you should trust me and nobody
you should trust Anderson Cooper and
nobody should trust honey vouching they
should trust the science and what I'm
using is not my data it's their data and
you know any I've written a letter to
Sanjay Gupta outlining all of the
standard and a very polite civil letter
but to saying you know Sanjay I'm are
you a lot I know you're not deliberately
doing this but you say these things
every year and here's why each of them
is wrong according this in it and now
everything I say on my Instagram page
every single statement is sourced and
cited you can't do it on Instagram
because Instagram doesn't let you legs
oh I always probably should urge us on
Instagram because that's kind of my you
know best
I always usually within 24 hours
reprinted on children's health defense
webs with all the sites and with all the
sourcing on say if I said something that
was untrue people would be all over me
if I you know my enemies are watching
everything that I say pharmaceutical
industry watching everything they'd say
so I am very very careful any public
statement that I make is source and you
know if I if I made a mistake which I'm
sure at some point it's possible for me
to do
somebody told me in a manner of the
second immediately we don't you know
doctors scientists you know we really
are are careful about making sure
everything is sourced to peer review or
to a government database who's on your
side by the way because your position I
mean I I saw the letter your family
wrote to you this was about a year ago
and you know RFK is our brother and
uncle he's tragically wrong about
vaccines we love RFK but he's part of
the misinformation campaign that's
heartbreaking and deadly consequences
whose on you because when you're talking
if somebody's listening that's in the
middle not big person that's on a big
pharma side say they're CNN Cooper Gupta
or not somebody that's on the other side
but somebody that says a lot of this
stuff is saying makes a lot of sense who
else is on your side that's a big name
and a credible source you know a lot of
doctors nurses and their household names
are people top scientists
I just called Peter a a B has hundreds
hundreds of peer-reviewed publications
and he was always against us until he
recently did a study on the DTV and
showed and it's killing more people than
the area Tennyson pertussis and that
girls who get the magazine are ten times
more likely to die than people who don't
get the vaccine and so and that brought
him of the data brought him over so we
have you know there are many many
doctors but they don't they don't want
to put their heads off because their
careers are destroyed so I just get
their careers destroyed journalists lose
their careers people this isn't you know
this is a career killer
the reason I'm you know my name is
prominent is because I you know I have a
track record and I'm a litigator I
argued all these important cases I was
on trial teams in come on santo cases on
the case income mark ruffalo just will
be about one of my cases which was the
which was the dupont case West Virginia
and you know I've been involved my side
helps hundreds of groups I have a track
record I have friends resilience because
of that and because of my family but
otherwise the industry has spent fifteen
years
you know battering that decision and
I've lost the one friendships and I've
lost a lot of business relationships and
other relationships and credibility with
people who just believe Oh
never hear my arguments they never hear
them all they hear is he's an auntie
back sir and they said well that's wrong
and you know my family even those three
members of my family who wrote that
article I have a big family
I have supporters in the family too but
the three members who wrote that article
accused me of being an auntie back sir
oh I'm not I've never said anything any
vaccine
I'm not
what I've said is a vaccine should be
safe and effective and that they
shouldn't be mandated in any case and
but if you can make a vaccine that is
proven to be safe and proven to be
effective I wouldn't be against it but
let's do let's walk through the proof oh
you know if there's I've spent 37 years
trying to get mercury out of fish nobody
calls me any fish I spent 37 years
trying to get pesticides out of food
nobody calls me any food I spent 30
years trying to get to improve fuel
efficiency or get carbon fuel out of
automobiles I you know my partnership
was the biggest investor in Tesla and I
was part of a partnership that built the
two biggest solar plants in our country
I want to get I want to get carbon
energy system nobody calls me anti
energy I'm not any vaccine I just want
say good science robust science
independent regulators and and safety oh
I've never said I was any vaccine people
call me that because it's a way of
marginalizing me it's a way of making
people think I'm a crackpot you know and
keeping me silent and censoring me
because you know he didn't in facts he's
dangerous don't let people hear him
because it will spread like a virus and
so they keep me off a TV they keep me
off of social media they keep me out of
the newspapers and it allows everybody
including three members of my family to
say you know we don't like what he says
good guys but they heard what I said do
you guys still do family reunions where
everybody gets tired you know what my
parents encouraged us every night to get
in arguments and that's what we do or is
it one discussion the dinner table and
we you know there would be topics and we
would argue about them
I remember my father hey you know should
we get out of Vietnam is it good to take
LSD God exists you know all these things
that would throw them out and then we
would argue about that name with you
know coaches on our Argos my grandfather
is the same thing to his kids he'd say
you know should we be and he should we
join war in Spain fascism good for Italy
you know whatever and make us argument
and encourage us to take extreme points
of view and talk about so like somebody
in my family argues against my position
is not troublesome and in no way
relationship I understand you know we
need to Beit that's what we ought to be
doing we ought to be debating this
everybody should and we should be able
to do it without you know without
vitriol and without anger I posted
something on Twitter earlier and this
the question I asked I said what topic
generally creates the most heated
debates between you and your family
I just curious you know what people
gonna say right and they said you know
pro-life pro-choice you know who's the
greatest of all time Michael Jordan or
LeBron some of them with sports but the
most the most comments here the one that
came up the most was vaccine vaccine is
the one that creates the most heated
debate amongst people why do you think
that is well it's clear on why it is
because we're doing something that we've
never done before we're telling people
you have to take this medication and
we're taking doctors who you know at
this sacred for 2,000 years since
Epocrates had a sacred relationship with
the patient where that doctor is
treating you and owes you is complete
Allegiance is silence
is confidentiality his best about your
condition and is trying to heal you
we've now profoundly and dramatically
changed the role of the doctor and the
doctor is now the agent of state power
and state policy and he's saying even
though you're a completely healthy kid
I'm gonna give you a risky medication so
that you can protect somebody else
allegedly you know which basically which
by the way that ain't true you're much
more likely to get chickenpox from a
vaccinated person or measles and you are
from an unvaccinated person much more
likely you're much more likely to get
polio from the vaccinated personated 70%
of the polio in the world is vaccine
strain that things you got it from a
vaccinated person oh that is a mythology
that unpacks and people are dangerous is
the fact if you look at thee the
manufacturers answered for chickenpox it
says on the manufacturers insert after
you receive this vaccine do not be in
proximity of pregnant women are
immunocompromised people for six weeks
nobody ever does that they go to back to
school the next day and they spread the
chickenpox and you know pertussis you
become an asymptomatic carrier you're
spreading pertussis it whereas if you
actually were on vac centered and you've
got pertussis you would know it you can
whooping cough and you'd say ah me you
wouldn't be spending it your the
pertussis vaccine you got it well you
don't know you got it it's bigger
spreading it to other people and and
some vaccines actually more likely to
spread disease than if you're
unvaccinated 1961 your uncle president
john f kennedy urged 80 million
Americans including almost 5 million
children who had not been vaccinated for
polio to receive the Salk vaccine which
he called the miraculous drug do you
think he would have the same position
today as he did in 1961 you know I don't
want to speak to me I'll go on for my
uncle of course he he was for that and
we we only had two backs and
you know I got the Palio salt vaccine we
didn't know any of the problems with
vaccines we didn't have you know most of
the vaccines today
olia was a health care crisis most of
the vaccines when they put all these
vaccines on a schedule almost none of
them were hurt dangerous diseases
casually contagious diseases now we're
gonna spread why don't we need to happen
time speed backs hepatitis B vaccine is
given every job the day they're born and
the only way you can get from your mom
if she has it when you're both being
born but every mother is tested in every
hospital in every state in this country
so that's a very small amount of kids
and they you can give them the vaccine
the only other way you get that is B is
from is from sex you know or from you
know unprotected sex that little child
is it zero risk why are we giving a
magazine afroditi speed magazine was
manufactured by Merck or male
homosexuals because they were having and
and for heroin addicts and prostitutes
and that's it that's why they developed
it and guess what happened none of those
people use the vaccine it couldn't sell
any of them oh they went back Merck went
back to C D City and said we're not
selling this product it's lost leader
for us order it give it to children and
CDC does whatever Merck tells them they
ordered it for every child out vaccine
only lasts two years so that child is
not gonna sleep with a prostitute
between the day they're born in the day
they're two years old or the day they're
ten and they're given five of those
vaccines because they only last two
years the only reason for that vaccine
the only reason is to enrich that
company and it kills lots and lots and
lots of kids every year that's one if
there's many
other vaccines that are clearly killing
today more children than they're saving
another one of those would be the
rotavirus vaccine again was gone on the
body you know
did did you grow up with a great fear of
rotavirus no no of course not
it wasn't a threatening disease you know
art you know our generation or any
generation it's not a threatening there
are more rotavirus cases today which is
you know a couple hundred deaths a year
and there were before the run of virus
vaccine and the rotavirus vaccine
contains a port virus a pig virus
because it's made on pig tissue and we
know causes cancer and behavioral
problems in pigs why would we give that
why don't we take the risk and give that
vaccine do every American child they
have no idea whether it's causing those
cancers and in kids and if you go
through these vaccines one at a time and
you say do we really need this vaccine
most um is oh we don't in prior to
eighty five almost non-existent eighty
percent of the vaccines we have we're
after eighty five and there weren't huge
you know epidemics of infectious
diseases killing Americans at that time
even measles measles mortalities and 99
percent disappeared prior to the
introduction of the vaccine in 63 there
are only four hundred kids who died of
measles in a population of 200 million
Americans they were almost all black
children the Mississippi Delta
we're actually dying of malnutrition and
this was before the poverty programs and
you know the likelihood is easily
mortalities would have disappeared
altogether now measles is gonna come
back and cause it's a lot of problems
because the vaccine is it is doing
things it's forcing these those two
older populations and much younger
populations who should not be getting
measles there's there's data saying that
measles is back on
increase 110,000 people are now dying
from measles every year matter of fact
that's in the same letter that your
family wrote but you know this leads me
to something here right now because
world of organs the people who are now
getting measles in California you're not
adults you're not supposed to get
measles world how's that we're gonna
sage and little babies are now when
they're you know two weeks old and they
doesn't give you that and they're too
young to get the vaccine a lot of those
kids are going to end up dying
the measles and they world health day I
wish you just read is there's a lot of
scams in collecting that data and the
kids were who died of measles today are
severely malnourished kids in Africa and
you know the problem is is nourishment
measles disappear in this country when
we started having good sanitation good
nutrition you know again that's not me
saying CDC did a major study on this
mythology vaccines eradicated all these
mortalities for infectious diseases ere
conclusion from that which is on my
Instagram anybody can read their study
with a quote on Hopkins at CDC thus
vaccination almost nothing to do with
the disappearance of these mortalities
in the first half of the 20th century
I've seen didn't do it it was nutrition
it was sanitation was good food electric
refrigeration um chlorinated water and
electricity and that's what eradicated
disease that's why this disease now you
see World Health Organization also says
there because of vaccines that prevents
6 million deaths per year so if
there's no there's really no good way to
to act to ascertain were to judge that
data you know there's not they can't
point to a country for example they'll
say the DPT vaccine saves millions for
lives and is their most popular vaccine
it's the most popular vaccine the world
they're giving to every kid Africa and
they engage national compliance with
disease with with vaccine mandates
buyback vaccine a World Health
Organization funds most of the
ministries of health for all these
African countries and it funds their HIV
program so those countries are very
organization has a dictatorial control
over those countries it can tell them
you must take this vaccine and we're not
going to give you aids money and so they
do it so they all take the DPT vaccine
and nobody's ever really looked to see
whether the DBT vaccine is actually
saving lives
Oh in 2017 the Danish government like
the best scientist in the world in fact
that one of the world's biggest vaccine
companies at the cerumen stupid put
together study they brought together the
best scientists in the world and they
looked at populations in the nation of
Guinea Bissau or half the kids were
vaccinated before between two and five
months of age and half or so they had a
perfect natural experiment randomized
populations half contacts a half accent
and they looked at the health impacts
what they found when they F 30 years of
data they found that the vaccine you are
ten times more likely died if you got
the vaccine than if you didn't Oh WH o
the authors that Sonny I've been
screaming at the rooftops that WH oh you
got to stop using this vaccine you got
to reassess this WH o is still going
around claiming it saves lives it's a
lie it's a provable lie
that study by the way any of your
listeners can look it up and I encourage
you to do so
it's called morganson mor g en sen at
all other words and the team on 2017 and
made the journal is called the e
biopharma and you know so that the idea
that they're saving six million live
data that supports that which one of
those organizations do do you give a do
do you give a lot of credibility but
here's the problem you know i'm not
against the agencies i you know my whole
life has been trying to you know build
agencies in assuring integrity in them
but all those agencies are what we call
captive agencies they are run by the
industry eh-oh gets half of its budget
on pharmaceutical company is its budget
from the cdc and a forty five percent of
its budget on vaccines so you know we
shouldn't have that situation those
company should not be taking any money
from the industries they're supposed to
regulate and because of that they are
owned by those industries any good
science good policy good regulation
robert you know the topic of autism
obviously has a lot to do with vaccine
and it's it's part of this entire
conversation that we're having have
scientists and proper research being
able to prove what causes autism well
listen the the the answer to that is
that those studies have not
systematically been done there are many
many studies that link autism taxes we
have listed on our website
several hundred studies saying
suggesting in various ways but not only
do vaccines cause autism but actually
looking at the specific mechanisms I
wish they cause I don't think there's
any scientific question that vaccines
cause autism if you actually read this
the problem is
CDC has has has jinda 17 studies all of
those studies have flaws and those
studies are all logical studies in their
populations those studies are you know
when they looked at big populations they
said we couldn't find a lake here but
the problem is they were all done by
pharmaceutical industry scientists none
of them did and they all either look at
one vaccine the MMR which is given when
the children are quite old and then to
find aerosol so that's the only vaccine
one vaccine has ever been studied and
it's not the biggest suspect so the the
suspects are the five vaccines that are
given during the study and the Institute
of Medicine which is the ultimate
arbiter of vaccine science but you don't
have to listen to Bobby Kennedy
Institute of Medicine is looks over the
shoulder in CDC and HHS and tells them
whether they actually have done the
studies that are necessary the IOM
looked at all the vaccine studies that
have been done in 91 and 94 in 2011 and
in 2014 and what they said in every one
of those findings is they said CDC has
never done the studies that they've
scolded they've chided if they have
pleaded and CDC has refused to do those
oh what I'm saying CDC does not have
those
you can make up your own very very clear
the currents so what are these Institute
of Medicine has said those fees are no
good so what they do is they take the
tack of saying something that's so
absurd it's laughable they say there is
no autism that people are just noticing
odd you know anybody I mean I grew up we
never saw kids at work actually like
what you see today here's the real the
real rebuttal to that claim and autism
were just doing better diagnosis today
if that were true and where are all the
66 year old men with fought it with
full-blown autism in my entire life
having worked unless they accompanied
retardant I mean words in Spanish
Olympics I have never seen somebody my
age with full-blown was a man talking at
the mall
wearing diapers wearing a helmet
head-banging nonverbal on toilet-trained
stimming tall walking you know sit I've
never seen it in my life and yet you
know it's 134 kids am I in my children's
generation in the vaccine generation and
so the question is you cannot credibly
say it's always been with us because if
it's always been with us it would still
be here in my generation and they've
been saying that since 2004 and yet even
since 2004 it's gone up six or seven
hundred percent oh it's still climbing
and so it's it's completely incredible
and what they really try to do is avoid
having a conversation nobody's gonna
have this debate nobody's gonna sit down
and argue to my face also there's a lot
of science UC Davis did a study there's
there's dozens of saying no it's real
it's happening it's affecting kids is
not affecting adults and you know if a
debate could be set up who'd be the main
prominent voice for you to debate
against there's a lot of academics
people like Ian Lipkin at Columbia um
Peter Hotez at the University in Texas
who and these are people who have thrust
themselves to the forefront of defending
vaccines Paul Offit Children's Hospital
Philadelphia no these are vaccine
developers they're people or at the
forefront there are people who have
deliberately they're the ones who go on
TV on CNN go on Fox go on you know write
articles from the New York Times a
thrust themselves to the forefront of
this none of them will debate me they're
all terrified hey Wilma and it's not
because I'm a great debater
they know that the science speaks for
itself and I do know the science and I
know it backward I know it in many cases
better than they do because I actually
am looking at it critically and I've in
the studies they cite I know if anybody
else tries to debate me like for example
several months ago the Connecticut State
Legislature was considering a bill to
repeal vaccine exemptions and they asked
me to come to Connecticut and debate do
it debate and then they try to stack the
debate against me so they put five you
know neurologists and immunologist to
come to that debate I was going to make
each one oh we stack against me but I
was I was okay with those odds because I
know I'm gonna win that debate anyway I
flew across the country well if we can
coordinated you're open to it okay on
our end we'll see what we can if we can
get creative there by the way just just
for education purposes what's the
difference between the 1986 Act when
they came out with the National
childhood vaccine injury Act versus the
2011 brasov it's versus L Wyatt the
Bruce Lewis case was interpreting the
Act the Act said you have to go actually
Bruce which case really killed us and
killed people vaccine engine we're 5,400
people who's and my kid got autism from
a vaccine and they all descended on the
vaccine court at once the Act set up
same court where you're not suing the
company that entered you you're sewing
your petitioning the United States
government for redress does a vaccine
act recognize vaccines cannot be safely
may unavoidably unsafe that's the quote
and that we have to therefore people get
injured by vaccines by mandatory
vaccines are are making a sacrifice for
the nation they should be fairly
compensated and so they set up a vaccine
Court and the Supreme Court the way the
act was set up is that you could or the
vaccine Court get your conversation but
if you didn't like the settlement you
could withdraw and you could go to a
regular court and so you know we weren't
completely foreclosed people who were
injured could still get redress Supreme
Court it was this wacky decision that
said that if you do leave the vaccine
corner and go to regular court they
cannot give you they cannot give you an
award for product liability in other
words you can't sue them like you can't
sue anybody else you know your duck your
product was dangerous I do
redress people you can't do that so you
can sue them for fraud so basically
throw us out of court we have no jury
trial no trial
most people are injured the vaccine
court won't even hear their cases that's
an interesting story it's the story of a
little girl Hannah right I think it's a
five year old Hannah was one of the
stories that was brought up an appalling
was an
year-old who punches him from a vaccine
and they problem was and a her father
was a neurologist famous neurologist
from Johns Hopkins and her mother was a
nurse and a lawyer and this girl was a
very gifted girl she exceeded all her
miles summer she was right and they had
lots of video I don't the day that she
took that I was back to saying she got
into her 36 months wellness visit we got
a battery of vaccines and she lost her
brain she went you know the lights went
off they had before and after and they
had professional doctors who had
observed everything that happened and
and they had to get rid and that was one
of the bellwether cases so if if she the
way that they decided this case back to
these cases 5400 cases maxine corners
they said I could try all will try six
of them and if any of those six wins and
we'll try them all and so they really
were under pressure to get rid of all
six of those unfortunately for them and
pollux case was won and there was no way
for them to win it so what they did was
they secretly went into a back room paid
20 million dollars to her family and
said keep your mouth shut
we're gonna seal this case we're gonna
drop it from the bellwether cases and
that's how they get rotted all those
people out of there you know
compensation in vaccine court that
proven apparent oh yeah the parents are
you know we're very very troubled but
they kind of had to do what was right
for their daughter and their daughter
really needed lifetime care and the
parents immediately took the deal but
that immediately petition to the court
or a for a full disclosure they filed a
motion for full transparency of that
because they thought they get a chance
to even if they sign is he like
they wouldn't talk about it in the end
their friends and their lives you know
fighting for these other children very
very interesting I didn't know about the
$20,000,000 and respected a family -
wanting to make it public so everybody
knew by the way Bill Gates you know you
you had a post that you put it put on
Instagram I got a lot of comments there
were a lot of things you said about him
when I bring up Bill Gates and a lot of
conversations most people will say good
man doing good things most of them will
bring up the Melinda and Bill Gates
Foundation and you know you hear Melinda
Gates talking about the fact that we're
getting closer to wiping several deadly
diseases off the face of the planet but
we couldn't we could easily blow it I
think in an article she talked about how
when they started in 2000 they're
putting only 50 billion dollars or money
into it and polio is gone from 350,000
cases in 88 to 2017 having only 22 and
2018 being only 29 what is your opinion
of the global vaccine action plan that
millon bill and melinda gates foundation
is financially backing in and again i
don't want to read the entire Instagram
post but what is your thoughts and
opinions on Bill and Melinda Gates I
mean you know the details as it turns
out that boy vaccine which they actually
cause polio the world in places where
[Music]
almost and it's I'm sure when Bill Gates
will try to do at one point is to blame
it on any boxers buddy even whu-oh it
fits 70% of the polio today on earth
coming from Jace's vaccine it was a bad
idea
the vaccine was bay is badly flawed and
the way that they used it was hair break
they're giving kids 50 polio
inoculations or immunizations before age
five and those kids are the polio is
coming out in their fecal materials
oh it spreads the disease and and that's
what they did in the Congo but you can
you know wait when you look when people
in get polio in public health you don't
look at well they can tell whether that
polio is wild polio its vaccine boy 70%
of the cases now on earth at least our
vaccine polio and that means gates the
vaccine you know you're asking me kind
of a broader question about what is I
think that Gates is well intended the
way that you know missionaries who
brought small box and a Indians were
well intended I think he also he
believes that he is somehow ordained by
you know divinely to bring salvation to
the world through technology I think
that notion is probably fortified I his
experience with Microsoft where he
really did change humanity and the
planet the way that we you know
communicate with each other and he
really sees a vaccine or technology in
general out of salvation and I think
that is given him a blindness and
statisticians call that have a name for
that blindness it's called confirmation
bias or he will he will see and
incorporate and integrate data and
supports his worldview and he refused to
see data that don't like like the DTD
study I was telling you about
I'm morganson how can he continue to
insist an African children get that shot
when he knows it's probably killing
Billy
kids and yet there's a hard added as it
is I don't think it's you know saying
I'm gonna knock admit a mistake I'm
gonna kill millions African children but
I think it's that I'm not gonna look at
the possibility that this could have
been an error I'm gonna dig my heels in
it and you know the same thing happened
in India he was thrown out of India
because of an experiment that he did on
26,000 illiterate tribal girls northern
territories we tested a very very
dangerous HPV vaccine on them and I
think 2600 either lost their capacity to
have children or have horrendous
diseases and when the Indian government
went in there horrified had you know
bullied these families into designing
you know confirmation agreements on that
and they were illiterate they didn't
understand consent agreements I don't
care the kids they injured or anything
like that
so I mean it's similar scandal with a
couple of malaria vaccines that they
experimented they did these really
horrendous Africa I think he believes
it's okay because he believes so
strongly the vaccine is gonna save
people that you know the people that he
experiments on our collateral damage and
that you know but it's kind of a it's a
worrying posture you know somebody with
that much power also believes that he is
able to play with people's lives and
he's willing to ignore data so I in his
other fixations are GMO crops and and
this is another problem with Gates is he
tends in the nation an expose on this a
couple of weeks ago that his personal
investments and his Bill and Melinda
Gates Foundation investments
tend to be in companies benefit from his
philanthropic activities oh he's very
greatly early heavily invest in vaccine
companies are making a killing for
policy is that he is pushing he's very
invested at Monsanto he's pushing GMO
crops and chemical fertilizers all over
Africa many places where there clearly
inappropriate and he's very much
invested in 5g which is kind of a
sinister news you know putting a live
satellite hundreds of satellites in
orbit he's playing ten owns tens of
thousands of bound antennae are not
there if you know what he is one of his
companies promising is that they will be
able to do surveillance with one second
delay on every corner of the earth
literally every corner of the earth and
he also so and 5g is not about helping
you download your video game quickly now
that's what they're telling you on these
velocity ads you care if it takes you 20
seconds or 10 seconds to video really
change your life is about surveillance
and it's about data harvesting the
biggest repository of the world
it's data we now have a capacity by
connecting all these devices it's called
the connectedness of things you connect
your Apple watch to the internet you
connect your microwave oven you know
it's a smart Mike when you connect your
alexis which is listening to your
conversations all day your serum which
is listening to your cell phone which
listen to your conversations you you can
you know what your buying habits are you
know your heart rate you know everything
about you and all that information is
data is characterizing archive is useful
and saleable because it's telling these
companies the behaviors that will
trigger buying
reactions by you you know specifically
how to target you where to target you
what time of the day
what kind of music that you like what
kind of what is going to be able to you
and get your attention and get you to
buy stuff and those algorithms are so
powerful that they're almost
irresistible and that's what he's
harvesting so we did you know is he's
gonna be able to look at through facial
recognition have complete control of our
society you know the other day there
were surfers or um the police were down
at Point M which is where I live and
they were giving surfers thousand dollar
tickets
hey and so that's pretty offensive it
you could say well that was just over
reaction just appalling judgment by
these police ticketing people from going
in the ocean the sunshine where you're
supposed to be and imagine if you don't
need the police imagine if we live in a
world where your movements are being
tracked by satellites and by facial
recognition and by a GPS and by on your
car on your cell phones
oh then every moment of day the
authorities know where you are and
corporations know where you part so when
you go to the beach they don't have to
arrest you they just send you a thousand
dollar bill but not only send it to you
they just take it directly out of your
cryptocurrency you know pay check
account and we're all being you know by
this particularly this is training us
with new kinds of behavior to do what
we're told to accept this kind of
surveillance to accept these constraints
on our on our civil rights to allow the
government to come in and tell us you
stay at home you don't go to the beach
you don't send your kids to school you
don't leave your house and actually
accept those kind of orders
one of the companies he's got it many
companies that are installing chips to
carry around your medical records but
they'll also be capable of of carrying
around your other data so that if a cop
pulls you over for speeding you can scan
you and look at your criminal record
locate your buying history see if you've
been to a liquor store recently and you
know that is a biometric subdermal
sensor system so it will actually be
able to sense
brain waves and and body signals like
heart rate etc and it will it will
assign you tasks in other words you will
get a message on your phone to do
certain tasks and your task will be look
at certain it appears on TV in 30
seconds listen to this music walk down
this aisle in this grocery store then it
will monitor your your honor your EEG
your brainwaves your heart rate your
adrenaline all this kind of stuff and if
use that information to marketing
companies and you then get paid for
doing that task with cryptocurrency that
goes directly into your account so you
know these companies like Elon Musk who
also controls all the satellites and
gates
putting us all half the people in this
country made some of their living
driving a car how they're going to give
us you know is our lives cars and you're
gonna have a lot of Americans or
permanently unemployed and their one who
you don't want these chips because you
couldn't make money by doing these times
by playing a video game or whatever and
it's gonna it is basically a process of
turning us all into production units all
into slay enslaved consumers and you
know with surveillance all the time yes
another chip which
turn off your ovaries and you know it I
earnestly oh I'm not making this up in
fact I'm going to publish on it in two
days and you know all sores and
everything else and so you can look for
it on children's health defense and on
my Instagram and you'll see that these
things are real they're not just from
some horrible nightmare they're real and
they're happening now and this pandemic
is allowing them to change our lives and
change our country and and put us under
you know into a permanent surveillance
state what would you rank him as the
most powerful man in the world
uh he's he's the most powerful man
Public Health because he is the 10% that
they'll be all over for you know and so
he has changed oh used to do something
that was really good
it's just they understood that develop
that disease is a is a symptom of
poverty and that if you want to stop
disease you you do development you do
nutrition you do clean order you do
sanitation that's what they were doing
and gates came in there and said we
don't want to do that you know we're
gonna do a little of that we're going to
shift everything toward magazines and so
you know because he doesn't understand
that good health comes from good immune
system good nutrition good water clean
water exercise you know wholesome lies
he believes the only path the good house
is inside syringe and so now half the
WHS budget goes who is his pet polio
eradication program which is spreading
polio that's not a good thing for her
anybody have you had a conversation with
them have un mm no I never respectable
contact have you
you I know you went to the White House
and you were getting ready to be part of
some kind of a Trump's President's
Committee have you been or my Christmas
party and then President Trump on put a
czar was a hand-picked
Iser lobbyists in charge of HHS and we
had these really good meetings during
the first part of the administration but
as soon as those guys came in they shut
us down and they may not be a bad time
for an open letter I may not be a bad
time for an open letter from you this
may not be a bad time for an open letter
from you you know what's crazy is you
sound like a libertarian you don't sound
like a Democrat I mean you know I you
know I definitely I've always been a
free market in my whole environmental
one
I'm really for personal freedoms that's
run for I'm not a libertarian because I
don't believe in the Commons and you you
do need government regulation in other
words nobody ever builds a sewage
treatment plans you know because they
wanted to
there's no money in building a sewage
treatment plant there never will be
and so you if you're going to pollute
the publicly owned resources air water
wildlife if you're a public land you
need regulation in the comments there's
actually an economic law called the
tragedy the Commons that you know that
lays that out it's all of our economic
interests that catch the last fish in
the ocean it's on in society's interest
and the role of government is to make
sure that doesn't happen to regulate the
fishery what are you talking about
private property I am a libertarian I
believe in free market capitalism I
believe that the market is the best way
to end environmental pollution and all
the lusion is about subsidies and that
you know large powerful entity is using
political clout to escape the discipline
of the free market forces publics pay
their costs of production I know and I
speak about the environment to a group
of Republicans I almost always get
standing ovations because so aligned
with you know I I think mainstream
classical American markets work I think
I would you know I think the framing
would be very happy with the way that I
talk ya know and I'm a product of Milton
Friedman obviously you see them back
here in the painting you sound like a
lot of them by the way last couple
minutes here before we wrap up I like to
you said something here about your
family rituals one of the things you
said every night we were encouraged to
argue and debate and constituted what
were some of the Kennedy family rituals
that you guys had I mean
you know our family was really Catholic
family we went to church when I was yeah
I went to church at least I mean I went
to church often times once or twice a
day we said prayers before and after
every meal we said a rosary sometimes
three rosaries read the Bible every
night and you know then we played a lot
of sports a lot of outdoor activities
and my father you know we're all scuba
diving and doing water you know at a
time when not pay people were doing
those things you know I really did you
spend a lot of time with your
grandfather yeah I did what you remember
about him because he's one of the most
interesting characters when I was in a
serious seven with Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter and I took a Dearborne class to
take my series seven they started
teaching about SCC na you're his name
came up Jose I mean I so I'm curious
about his character how was he what do
you remember about it
you know he was I think the best thing
you can say first of all a lot of people
there's a lot of garbage nobody even
made that claim until after 1964 my
grandfather you know you've been through
three separate Senate confirmations he
was the first head of the SEC he was he
and you know really with Rose out saving
the Wall Street he was the ambassador or
to Great Britain during World War two he
was maritime condition
and these were when he was a young man
he was the youngest paying president in
our country after he graduated he was he
worked as a bank examiner for a couple
of years and then he he took over a bank
that was the target of a hostile
takeover his father had been involved in
and he went and he took hundreds of
films after my uncle died there was you
know to see I've written a book about
the CIA's relationship with my family
about it's 70 year battle with my family
and there was a guy in the CIA whose job
was it's absurd to think my grandfather
had so many enemies including you know
he was despised because he was the only
guy from Wall Street ooh it supported
Roosevelt if he had not been squeaky
clean you would have been completely
obliterated and those Senate
confirmation hearings which were at
least as vicious as they are today and
he would never have gotten appointment
to Great Britain if he'd been a
bootlegger the head of the SEC he
couldn't have done that in Roosevelt has
them is there anything in your past you
know would come back because I'm
terrified of these earrings and my I
have never done anything with Tarzan or
injured my reputation because my
children and his you know the best part
I just
oh we're just riding with him every
morning you take us he was he was
extremely punctual if you were one
minute late he would be gone uh he would
never wait for anybody and he would
never keep anybody waiting and he would
when we
dinner is how we are the families all
took turns on dinner at his house we all
lived in one compound and he questioned
had seen my grandmother would question
my son it would make us look at maps on
their wall and they'd say fine Karachi
tell us for Zanzibar is they tell us
they ask us about the roots of words
they were Latin or Greek they would ask
us to speak Spanish or French
my grandmother would cut out would break
down quotes or take clippings of the
newspaper and she would pin them to
earth letter and then she would take
walks with us and pull the pins often
ask us questions and we are constantly
being quizzed by them and they were
constantly asking us to argue to make
our team instant you know to take
positions on issues oh it's really it
was a magical truth the fact that your
grandfather sat down his son and says
which one of you guys going to be a
president first was no okay course not
that's not the way that he talked what
he tried to do is really instill and he
said he hated harold laski who was a
very famous communist all of his kids
and then he he made sure that that they
became they all became journalists first
and so that they could tour the world if
they could speak to people wherever he
was there he was a cat or whatever he
would always be talking to people and
asking them about their lives and all my
you know that generation was constantly
interrogating people whether they were
fish mongers or a commercial fish and or
cab drivers
you know they is that
somebody they would be asking questions
my grandfather you know certainly he
grew up in a political family his his
father was a state senator and he was a
political leader very respected
politically very honest grandparents
come over from Ireland in the famine and
you know the Irish were just breaking
into politics of Bosman is really the
first Irish are old money if it becomes
a beautiful Irish tenor and he would
sing it through these proportions like
parades where they would go out on a
flatbed truck it was all my mules are by
a truck and a grandmother beautiful
pianist she was a team they were it was
at a time when the Irish when they
arrived here had been forbidden for 800
years participating in politics and so
when they arrived on these shores they
took to politics away that a starving
man takes the food you know you you seem
like the type of person that does a lot
of due diligence and research I was I've
always been fascinated with the story of
JFK assassination a lot I've interviewed
Jim Jenkins who was one of the autopsy
folks who was in the room I've sat with
Clint Hill which Clint Hill you
obviously know who Clint Hill is and his
interview with us has around four
million views sat down with Abraham
Bolden said that would set
different people to talk about that over
the years whether it's you know 1968
with your father or your uncle I can
only imagine you reading pretty much
anything and everything that comes up
about that topic you know it's one of
the most talked about topics around the
world at what conclusion do you have so
far today with what happened both with
your father and your uncle you know I
have a lot of time researching I
actually I'm deep in the research I did
read the book you can see where it's
only and I interviewed people who who
were part of a Cuban CIA group which is
clearly the CIA officials
twice because the Cubans were so deeply
involved and they you know the CIA
Cubans and Phillips was a was a CIA
propagandist yet been involved in the
1953 coup in Guatemala
fans he was at the big pigs he was doing
propaganda there and then he ran the
Cuban sabotage program alpha 66 these
rating groups and it was people from
that those teams you know we're the team
that was involved in the assassination
Lee Harvey on it was also Lee Harvey
Oswald's case officer ridget Lee Harvey
Oswald had worked directly for Jan Jesus
Angleton it was the counterintelligence
so the RB Oswald a radar operator
that's a we Air Force Base and in Japan
and that's where the u2 flights had
taken off so he had very high security
close top-secret he D flat he defected
to the Soviet in 1957 and and then but
his defection was what they called a
dangled it was a real defection he was
actually in CIA asset from that time and
he was working for an angled enemy the
reason for his defection was that
angleton that there was a mole in
Langley it's the reason they never had a
good spy in Russia because as soon as
they got somebody who defected he'd
immediately get killed because there was
somebody at Langley telling Angleton who
ran that division counterintelligence
supposed to trap Russian spies recruited
Oswald to make fake defection to Russia
because he believed he had his file on a
trigger and Langley and they assumed
that the KGB would be wondering who is
this guy is he real and that they would
contact them all with Langley and say go
pull his file and tell us what it says
so he had a traitor since to my eyes on
that file so that he would know if
somebody pulled any know that that was
the hole it had never happened
and so as well was recalled from an ad
from Moscow three years later by then
he'd already married the daughter of a
KGB colonel and you know it came back
here with Carina he was and at the
airport never interrogated by the he was
given money retired by the State
Department six hundred dollars he flew
to Dallas he was met by a CIA agent our
assets in Dallas and took care of them
on the job depository
I hope took care of him through all this
so turns but the whole time he was
reporting to Jim and a vigil Hannity's
who was who ended up being the liaison
with the Warren Commission a ninja I was
just hide stuff and of course Allen
Dulles was
see my uncle had fired and who was a
chief suspect fascination ran the Warren
Commission got himself appointed to it
granted hide the CIA's but Oswald was
you know was a pro Kennedy guy loved my
uncle and you know was really - on
Cubans who met Oswald and met him with
David Lee Phillips you know I I think
it's you know at the time the Warren
Commission array will hide the CIA
involvement but by 75 when they cards
committee met they made the conclusion
that yeah it was a conspiracy and the
actually staff on for that committee all
concluded that it was the CIA I think
now we have so much documentation it's
really would be almost crazy to think
we're not you know in terms of my dad I
never believed that there was conspiracy
I always believed that Sirhan had acted
alone it was so much evidence against
his diaries and everything else and it's
saying there were 77 eyewitnesses there
were a lot of problems with the story
Oswald could not ever shot my father as
well was at the closest of five feet
from my father his body was you know
eight feet that's the closest any fire
was near home sir I'm sorry sir hadn't
met my father and the Ambassador Hotel
kitchen he was the other steam table my
father walked award him he fired two
shots at my father one of those shots
hit
trade who is labor organizer for my
father in the head all is alive today
and very close friends and it's been
trying for 20 years and sirhan out of
jail because he knows he's innocent and
he used the one who forced Aidid sit
down the autopsy report etc yeah under
bullet that he fired toward my father
went past my four others here and landed
in the doorjamb heaven was extracted
from the doorjamb so we know what
happened those two fellows as soon as he
fired those it was a dog pile on my
Rosie
Aran Rafer Johnson and a concierge from
the hotel a bunch of people who have
them and the first thing they did is
points got away from my father the
opposite direction but they couldn't get
it away from them sir had fired six
other shots and empty the chamber was
that it was an eight shot revolver and
every one of those shots hit somebody so
we know what happened to all of them
there's two shots that way we know what
happened it and that was six shots the
other way my father was killed by four
shots from behind and all according to
Thomas negative G's autopsy Thomas
Noguchi never believes her and used the
greatest you know coroner in the history
he on he said every one of those shots
left tattoo on my dad they were all
contacts the barrel of the gun was
actually touching my father I'm planning
the killer killed him and so what
clearly happened he is sir as a
distractor he was firing the shots he
had no memory of it virtually everybody
who's interviewed of believed that he
was under some kind of hypnosis he fired
the shots on and while people looking
focused on him the purse another person
I heard four shots from behind one went
through harmlessly through the shoulder
pad
to his back to his head and in every
case no one's touching them no but the
the person who almost certainly fired
those shots as man called Eugene thanks
is our it was a what he worked at
Lockheed he got the job security and
three days before he worked at Lockheed
as a high security job he was as it
turns out the CIA agent and he he was he
admitted he was seeing my father when he
and as he was falling he turned around
and he tore up scissors clip untie and
so if you see him and say czar as he
drew his gun he said he drew his gun
when he saw he changed his story many
times about like Judas when he stood up
he had the gun out a police ever
questioned him at that time and they
never took it away he later sold the gun
game sold the gun to another Lockheed
and that gun was trying to track down
says the bullets that came from Sir
hands you didn't say I was in
negotiations with him you know three
months ago or in the Philippines to me
he wanted to charge me $20,000 at time
the motivation Robert was the motivation
you think what I hear is the fact that
your grandfather was so furious what
happened was John F Kennedy he wanted
your father to become a president so
they can investigate the CIA is there
any
behind that because that's ridiculous
because um first of all right
my grandfather was how does a stroke in
1963 and he was essentially he even one
of my uncle was killed he was already
know my father you know when he ran for
breath I'm sure that listen my father
was it was that the best instigator of
his age he's brought down the Mafia and
he was on this Senate it was the chief
counsel the Senate he was the rock
Robert Mueller up his time times 10 if
right down
you know the Teamsters Union and the
bakers in all of these for corruption he
had you know he was the first person the
serious across Hitler
mafia and then he had become the
Attorney General and he was at that time
in a you can read all about this CIA and
so we had all the Cubans in our house
constantly CIA agents I grew up
surrounded by a KGB agent CIA agents
Cubans Special Forces rappelling off the
roof of our house and my father would
stop in the CIA every morning and they
hated him there on his way to work at
the Justice Department and the last
thing I think they probably wanted was
about two weeks before he died and when
they realize you can't clearly win in
California if you wanted duffle yeah he
would clear you know non free and 62
Oh country under his garments and
Popular's brother was a martyr and
beloved he would have what he was asked
at that point he passed many times what
he thought in the Warren Commission
whether he and he always dodged the
question and although he privately
believed that CIA killed his brother
publicly would never say there was two
weeks before he was that I think Los
Angeles Community College there's a tape
of him Wow now I wish we had another
hour together but look we're at the end
of it and I appreciate you sharing with
us the tail end of it the last part of
speedrun I'll give you a name just tell
me the first thing that comes to your
mom mind okay dr. Judy Mike Ovitz is a
hero hero hero yeah no Guinness I would
say the word dangerous Anthony Fauci
hubris I would say hubris with Bill
Gates is honest from rock Robert De Niro
I do too Lyndon Johnson Lyndon Johnson
was
hey hey I liked Johnson okay I didn't
like when he was was Vietnam baby a very
sweet and he actually people don't know
this but he was very kind to my father
at a time when my father was shattered
he really made a jealous their you know
their relationship deteriorated but I
think law enforcement he was a racist he
grows from CDC that's my list Roberts
thank you for agreeing to do this
long-form interview I think we've been
talking for a good two and a half hours
on many different topics we're gonna put
all the links below to your website
we're gonna put the links brought to
your books and any other specific
articles that you want us to go to
that's directed specifically the one
that you want us our viewers to go see
send it to us we'll put a link below as
well for people to go out there and
watch it okay thank you thank you so
much for your time take care okay a lot
was covered in this interview from
vaccine autism fout she bill gates you
got his family John F Kennedy Robert
Kennedy his grandfather Joseph Kennedy
so many things were covered in this
interview was so deep even for me
because I've interviewed so many the
people who were involved in the JFK
assassination was was a lot of people
that have been talking about covert 19
or vaccine or autism so you know because
of that we decided to do something
different we have two different
playlists here one of them is any of the
interviews I've ever done on the story
of a JFK and the Kennedy family click
over here to watch
these interviews on this playlist and if
you want to watch the playlist link to
start off with dr. Judy Mike Ovitz which
is somebody he mentioned multiple times
click over here and if you've not
subscribed to the channel please do so
thanks for watching everybody take care
bye bye
[Music]